General Question (Push your answer on Github) : 
1.	Can you tell us about your passion? 
Answer : I have a passion to become someone who has the best skills in the field that I am interested in. Therefore, when I decided to deepen my knowledge regarding QA, I first thought about what my passion would be after I graduated from college. Because I feel I am not skilled enough in the field of programming. And when I found a mentor who taught me about QA, I felt interested and wanted to learn more deeply to become an expert in the field. 
2.	Why do you want to be a QA Engineer? 
Answer : Actually, my basic skill is Manual QA, but along with technological developments I feel that QA Engineers are more in demand by large companies. But does being a QA Engineer make me an expert in the field of QA? Then I thought about this, although currently many companies are looking for a QA Engineer, Manual QA is also in great demand by several companies. After I saw this, it occurred to me to study again to become a QA Engineer because I felt that in terms of my skills to become a QA Engineer, I was still lacking, therefore I did an online course to help me deepen my knowledge of QA Engineer and also don't forget to watch YouTube videos related to QA Engineer/Automation learning. 
3.	What is your goal as a QA Engineer ?
Answer : I have a goal to make myself an expert in the field of QA Engineer and also to improve my career. 
4.	How do you plan your goal as a QA Engineer ? 
Answer : First, I will take training and certification in the field of QA, especially QA Engineer, and I will also communicate more with people who are experienced in this field. So it can make it easier for me to share knowledge in the field. 
5.	What is your expectation, If you join with Catalyst as a QA Engineer ?
Answer : I really hope to be part of the catalyst even though there are many shortcomings both in terms of experience and skills. So, if I get this opportunity, I will use it to help me improve the skills I have, especially after I saw that Catalyst has great people in their field, especially QA Engineers. I can use this opportunity to share knowledge with other people who like the QA field. I also hope that the skills I have can help improve the company's performance in the field of technology
